ancient dressage it's a french word
dressage translated into english it
means
dressage
where does it come from maybe the
surrealist wars maybe at the time when
people said you men and your women get
on your horses
ride towards the enemy faint right swing
left cut duck down go along like this
come up and do this item teeth isn't it
saying
mr stevens go to trousers
what is going on because who watches it
you must admit you don't go when's the
dressage on
sends it on it just comes up on the
screen and you go
and when it comes on you go has it been
on an hour a year
have they finished
is he a spider
just the horse is doing things you think
these people are on crack what's going
on
because i i salute them though i salute
because they got us medals and they
trained hard but
why
because they can do things that are of
no use
ever in life unless you wish to park
your horse in a cupboard
just going up to the cupboard now
approaching the cupboard now
here comes lucky gym written by lady
jane trans
he's got one door open of the cupboard
he's going to get the horse in the
cupboards very difficult maneuver he's
got the
second door is open off the cupboard
he's in he's backed into the cupboard
there's a very good move there
draws over he's stepping into the
drawers he's closing the drawers pulling
down one door shot putting another door
shut it's our first horse in the
cupboard for 20 years
four points scorers give four points
and for an extra point can you see
narnia
i think so through the back of the thing
extra point for now there we go
and it's just a little bit weird when
you see you know if people walk up to
you you tend to think they're
standard people but if if you see if you
saw anyone coming up to you
like this you'd go what the hell is this
guy doing it's they just look a bit
they're training horses to look
like burglars you know
and there's nothing to burgle is there
they should build a structure then the
viewing figures will go up to the roof
here comes lucky jim he's coming up to
the building now
it's been specially built for the
occasion has three rooms inside
one has a safe with the jewels inside
and lucky jim came got the bronze medal
in helsinki
and got the silver medal in timbuktu now
here he comes
once he gets in and breaks into the
structure the clock starts four minutes
to get up
the clock has started the window is open
there he is
he's into the kid she's going around the
kitchen open the doors of the kitchen
he's got the
horses opening the lower drawers the
riders opening up the doors going up
there telling all the tabs i don't know
what he's doing there he's thinking he's
spun around that's very good
okay you know he's been to the bedroom
program there's a lot of the best
they've sat down on the bed that's quite
good that's quite fun opening's going
for a company he's going for a couple
one two three four he's in the room he's
locked the cabin
and falls in the submission he's coming
back around he's coming back
i don't think he's in the lounge still
hasn't found the safe behind the picture
behind the pen
i don't know where zombies looking other
things going in the drawers coming up
it's there that he's found the shape
opening with hooves now he's basically
who i've been saying who's this opening
up jewelry around the neck earrings
he has to go back down here some retrace
he stops he doesn't spin coming back to
the thing
windows open it's coming out of things
we'd watch that wouldn't we